Let's take an overview of what one has to offer and where it sits within our development lifecycle
Maven is a build tool to manage your software builds.
You can configure your build set up the way you need and and maybe takes care of running tasks on your
code such as compiling testing and packaging maven manages all the dependencies you need within its
Pamphile.
This profile acts as the manifest of your application contains its dependencies and the boot procedure.
You can add or remove dependencies easily.
Version your software and how it bundled with a single line of command execution.
You can add java files or name the dependencies to mavens pomme SML almost as a plain text within the
dependency tag and it fetches them for you from the Mabon repository.
Maybin first goes and checks for your local repository.
If your dependency is not there and then it goes to the main online repository Maybin finds it there
and downloads to your local repository.
Then the simpler reference to your application from there as it can be seen it knows how to work with
your external libraries and dependencies.
No more classpath Joffe-Block club or any more.
If you run made was compiled comment it first bring together all the dependency within the file and
then starts the compilation with your code.
Alongside to this you can run an install command or combine the two commands as mailand compile install.
So Kim first compile then generate the jar archive for your application cleverly change the commands
and stops execution.
If the previous command fails by the help of its test command you can easily run all of your test cases
with just the command typing may when tests such running them one by one and prints out the results
in the end.
As scamp's failures or successful ones.
We now have a good amount of Norwegian Mabon.
Now let's take a look at how we can build our code with MAVEN.